hey what's going on everybody I'm well
never mind Who I am
needless to say my username isn't very
hard to pronounce because it's just what
it sounds like
I'm just here picking up playing a
pickup game from the first NBA Street
which I really like and I was saying
about the Gamecube if you're playing on
Playstation or Xbox he won't have this
level let's get started with the tip-off
which I lose and I like being my tall
created player because he can do that
all the time let's go come on
Richard Hamilton's got some nothing oh
yeah go go
that was afraid I was gonna miss that in
my creative player has maxed out stats
on everything playing Washington when
Michael Jordan came back for a year he
suck so badly I can't believe it
that guy's magma man he's awesome oh my
third player is Drake it's why the
losses is awesome a shooting and can't
dunk worth anything no
MJ's got nothing on me to do a layup
good
Larry can't don't you able to dunk I
turn on mega dunkey go Drake go no no
dammit forgot the breakers like dunking
more than the shooting to get an extra
25,000 points
NSC I first was introduced this game
back in sixth grade by my friend at his
house
of course he beat me because he knew I
play the--and i did another Leo and I
thought well if the game immediately so
then I decided to go buy it
I first had for the PlayStation 2
once my playstation 3 broke down years
later I had to get it for Gamecube
MJ you've got nothing you're old and you
might notice I turned on explosive rims
that doesn't usually happen unless you
dunk it on the final point can you make
that that was only at one point shot two
pointers with one three points or two
doesn't know that if you play Street
rules
come on Mike dancehall you actually got
it over me great I'm almost to another
game breaker so I'll see if they give
that here and game breakers depending on
if you do 3-pointer our two pointer if
you do a dunk or anywhere in in the
three-point line
you'll get one plant will take away a
point from them if they have any points
and same thing with a 3-pointer don't
get two points they'll head subtract two
points Wow everyone's jumping for a
loose I guess that's a feature of mega
donkey
oh I could have done it double there but
it wasn't for mega dunking Drake could
not dunk cuz Drake has zero hunky she
needs another one when I say he couldn't
make it he would attempt to do a donk
but he'll just - every time okay
and bigger combos or I don't know trying
to do this even walking everybody go
great gotta read the honey know when I
said trace all so much shooting he can
make it any basket from anywhere as long
as it's not a dunk must get mega dunking
on I don't usually get this minigame
breakers I usually only get about this
come on get to make my ban this time
take them out first
so you saw I got a point subtractive
point for them cuz of a game breaker I
don't know why they even bother I'm just
trying to finish this game quickly come
on you want to try to shoot what you got
Kwame Brown you're taller
MJ they blocked it yet I still made it
that's unusual come on Kwame birch or
I guess I should mention the biggest
combo in this game he get is three which
I just got to fake outs and then a layup
and Drake a stove the rap with the best
dome and a 3 move combo and we got to
celebrate beat the Washington Wizards
with Michael that's not very impressive
but a wins a win